docs: add documentation (#307)
confio/ics23: docs/README.md

> # ics23

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ICS 23
```

> As already stated in the README.md, ics23 attempts to be a generic library to represent and verify merkle proofs for (ideally) many different merkle tree storage implementations. The library is heavily used in [ibc-go](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go) for proof verification. The following documentation uses the Golang implementation as a reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As already stated in the README.md, ICS 23 attempts to be a generic library to represent and verify merkle proofs for (ideally) many different merkle tree storage implementations. The library is heavily used in [ibc-go](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go) for proof verification. The following documentation uses the Golang implementation as a reference.
```

- `prehash_value` is the hash operation that is applied to the value of the leaf.
- `length` is the [length encoding operation](https://github.com/cosmos/ics23/blob/go/v0.10.0/proto/cosmos/ics23/v1/proofs.proto#L18-L43) that determines the length of the input and returns it prepended to the data.
- `prefix` is a fixed set of bytes that may optionally be prepended to differentiate a leaf node from an inner node.

And `inner_spec` is an [`InnerSpec`](https://github.com/cosmos/ics23/blob/go/v0.10.0/proto/cosmos/ics23/v1/proofs.proto#L172-L194). The `InnerSpec` specifies all store-specific structure information to determine if two proofs from a
given store are neighbors.

```proto
message InnerSpec {
  repeated int32 child_order       = 1;
  int32          child_size        = 2;
  int32          min_prefix_length = 3;
  int32          max_prefix_length = 4;
  bytes          empty_child       = 5;
  HashOp         hash              = 6;
}
```

where:

- `child_order` is the ordering of the children node and counts from 0. For example, for an IAVL tree is [0, 1] (left, then right); for a merk tree is [0, 2, 1] (left, right, here).
- `child_size`
- `min_prefix_length`

> - `max_prefix_length`

Author: @AdityaSripal If you could explain me a bit what these field are exactly for, that would be great. I have a bit of hard time understanding these ones.
